we should really learn how to play the
real way chess nice move yeah hey hey so
I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with
some tuxedos for the wedding do you need
one
no I'm performing the ceremony I'm not
wearing a tux what are you gonna wear
multicolored robes oh and maybe a hat
huh does Monica know about this I don't
think so
can I please be there when you tell her
hey Rach wait do you want to go to a
movie tonight
oh you know what I can't I have to have
dinner with that Melissa girl can I come
I won't even talk you just hear the
noise from my video camera well do you
want to hear what actually happened to
Joey's lewd version
Joey's okay I have this friend from
college and I made the stupid mistake of
telling Joey that one time she and I am
you know kissed a little bit yeah I'm
sure that happened it did hey it
happened yeah it was senior year in
college it was after the Sigma Chi luau
and Melissa and I got very drunk and we
ended up kissing for several minutes
which means she had a couple spritzers
and a quick peck on the cheek
why are you taking this away from me
why is this so hard for you to believe
okay I just I didn't know that you were
lesbian
[Applause]
I'm not saying that I am a lesbian I'm
just saying that this happened okay
it just seems pretty wild and yours you
know so vanilla
I'm not vanilla I've done lots of crazy
things I mean I got I got I got drunk
and married in Vegas to Ross all right
you know what if you don't want to
believe me about this why don't you just
come with me to dinner tonight and she
will tell you okay all right yeah cuz I
just can't picture it
oh you should get inside my head
it happened I am Telling You it happened
hey it was great meeting you and Rachel
I don't think I'll be calling you
because um you know they've gotten in
here take care of you guys wait a minute
no wait a minute okay look that night
was the one wild thing I have ever done
in my entire life and I'm not gonna let
you take that away from me okay so if
you don't remember that maybe you will
remember this
[Applause]
my god you love me but of course I
remember a kiss I think about it all the
time I can still hear the coconuts
knocking together I I just didn't want
to tell you cuz I didn't think you'd
return my love and help you
look his being suddenly shower a tree
you can't tell me you don't feel what I
feel nobody can kiss that could not mean
just I'm just a good kisser shut up
I'm sorry oh you know he's sorry I'm I'm
obviously kidding
I'm not love with you all right I don't
hear coconuts banging together you know
I don't picture your face when I make
love to my boyfriend kiss goodbye no
okay
Wow I mean I had no idea that that was
what the hell was that I just want to
see what all the fuss was about
and I said better
[Music]